Patch 427 (#448)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/elb/elb-no-instances.md

| **Recommended Action** | Delete old ELBs that no longer have backend resources. |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for EC2. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step2.png"/>
3. In the "EC2 Dashboard" scroll down and look for "Load Balancers" and click on "Load Balancers" to get into "Load Balancers" dashboard.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step3.png"/>
4. Select the "Load Balancer" which needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step4.png"/>
5. Select the "Instances" tab from the bottom panel and scroll down to "Edit Availability Zones" option.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step5.png"/>
6. Check for "Instances Count" under "Edit Availability Zones". If the load balancer "Instance Count" is 0 it means there are no registered instances. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step6.png"/>
7. Select the unused "Load Balancer" and from "Actions" tab from the top panel click on "Delete". </br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step7.png"/>

> 8. Click on "Yes,Delete" from the "Delete Load Balancer" panel. </br> </br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step8.png"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click on "Yes,Delete" from the "Delete Load Balancer" pop up that appears. </br> </br> <img src="/resources/aws/elb/elb-no-instances/step8.png"/>
```
